Update ebay.md (#386)
cyclr/docs: pages/connector-authentication/ebay.md

### Sandbox or Production

> If you wish to use the eBay developer sandbox for testing, please set **Is Sandbox?** to true during set-up, and use the sandbox application keys you have generated in the previous steps. For production keys, **Is Sandbox?** should be false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the eBay developer sandbox for testing, set the **Is Sandbox?** field to `true` during setup, and use the sandbox application keys you generated in the previous steps. For production keys,  set **Is Sandbox?** to `false`.
```
